app/page.mdx, before:

import YouTubePlayer from "@/components/YouTubePlayer.tsx";
import PhotoGrid from "@/components/PhotoGrid.tsx";

# NJF Astrophotography

Hi there, I am Nicholas Fasching, owner of [njf.dev](https://njf.dev). I am a programmer, but have recently purchased a [Seestar S50 telescope](https://www.seestar.com/) and have gotten into astrophotography. I have always loved astronomy and space, and I hope you'll find this collection of my space photos as astonishing as I do.

## Quick Note

I have just started to make this website, so I will need time to improve it. I will be adding more photos and videos as I take them, and I will add more features to this website over time.

---

<PhotoGrid
  pictureData={[
    { folder: "2024 Total Solar Eclipse/2024-04-08 (solar eclipse - blurry)" },
    { folder: "Sun/2024-01-07", pageUrl: "/info/sun" },
    { folder: "Moon/2024-01-21" },
    { folder: "2024 Penumbral Lunar Eclipse/2024-03-25" },
    { folder: "Jupiter/2024-02-07" },
    { folder: "M1/2024-01-13" },
    { folder: "M14/2024-05-31" },
    { folder: "M16/2024-06-15_2024-06-16" },
    { folder: "M17/2024-06-18_2024-06-19" },
    { folder: "M27/2024-06-08" },
    { folder: "M31/2024-01-08" },
    { folder: "M33/2024-01-10_2024-01-11" },
    { folder: "M34/2024-01-08" },
    { folder: "M35/2024-01-30" },
    { folder: "M37/2024-01-30" },
    { folder: "M42/2024-01-07" },
    { folder: "M45/2024-01-08" },
    { folder: "M66 Group/2024-06-07" },
    { folder: "M77/2024-02-01" },
    { folder: "M94/2024-01-21" },
    { folder: "M100/2024-01-19" },
    { folder: "M104/2024-01-20" },
    { folder: "IC405/2024-01-19" },
    { folder: "IC410/2024-01-20" },
    { folder: "IC434/2024-01-13" },
    { folder: "IC443/2024-01-19" },
    { folder: "NGC891/2024-01-19" },
    { folder: "NGC1499/2024-02-03" },
    { folder: "NGC1579/2024-02-03" },
    { folder: "NGC2175/2024-01-20_2024-01-21" },
    { folder: "NGC2903/2024-03-10_2024-03-11" },
    { folder: "NGC6960/2024-06-14" },
    { folder: "SH2-275/2024-01-29" },
  ]}
/>

---

## The Sun Going Behind the Trees

<YouTubePlayer videoId="DiSxQ4sPS18" />

## Marth 25th, 2024 Penumbral Lunar Eclipse

<YouTubePlayer videoId="LDZP3F1N-Z8" />

Commit message:

Update Intro Paragraph and Remove Old "Quick Note"

app/page.mdx, after:

import YouTubePlayer from "@/components/YouTubePlayer.tsx";
import PhotoGrid from "@/components/PhotoGrid.tsx";

# NJF Astrophotography

Hi there, I am Nicholas Fasching, owner of [njf.dev](https://njf.dev). I am a programmer and made this website! I purchased a [Seestar S50 telescope](https://www.seestar.com/) back in January of 2024, and have more recently upgraded my setup, which is a work in progress (look for \"Shot on a Lumix S5IIX\"). I have always loved astronomy and space, and I hope you'll find this collection of my space photos as astonishing as I do.

---

<PhotoGrid
  pictureData={[
    { folder: "2024 Total Solar Eclipse/2024-04-08 (solar eclipse - blurry)" },
    { folder: "Sun/2024-01-07", pageUrl: "/info/sun" },
    { folder: "Moon/2024-01-21" },
    { folder: "2024 Penumbral Lunar Eclipse/2024-03-25" },
    { folder: "Jupiter/2024-02-07" },
    { folder: "M1/2024-01-13" },
    { folder: "M14/2024-05-31" },
    { folder: "M16/2024-06-15_2024-06-16" },
    { folder: "M17/2024-06-18_2024-06-19" },
    { folder: "M27/2024-06-08" },
    { folder: "M31/2024-01-08" },
    { folder: "M33/2024-01-10_2024-01-11" },
    { folder: "M34/2024-01-08" },
    { folder: "M35/2024-01-30" },
    { folder: "M37/2024-01-30" },
    { folder: "M42/2024-01-07" },
    { folder: "M45/2024-01-08" },
    { folder: "M66 Group/2024-06-07" },
    { folder: "M77/2024-02-01" },
    { folder: "M94/2024-01-21" },
    { folder: "M100/2024-01-19" },
    { folder: "M104/2024-01-20" },
    { folder: "IC405/2024-01-19" },
    { folder: "IC410/2024-01-20" },
    { folder: "IC434/2024-01-13" },
    { folder: "IC443/2024-01-19" },
    { folder: "NGC891/2024-01-19" },
    { folder: "NGC1499/2024-02-03" },
    { folder: "NGC1579/2024-02-03" },
    { folder: "NGC2175/2024-01-20_2024-01-21" },
    { folder: "NGC2903/2024-03-10_2024-03-11" },
    { folder: "NGC6960/2024-06-14" },
    { folder: "SH2-275/2024-01-29" },
  ]}
/>

---

## The Sun Going Behind the Trees

<YouTubePlayer videoId="DiSxQ4sPS18" />

## Marth 25th, 2024 Penumbral Lunar Eclipse

<YouTubePlayer videoId="LDZP3F1N-Z8" />
